[DOC-3200] Delegate platform release notes NG and CG 794xx (#1944)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

```

- The SSH secret reference gets created even if secret creation fails due to a validation error. (PL-38549, ZD-44073)

  Reference creation now only occurs if the SSH secret is created.

- The error message displayed during pipeline execution when connector permissions are missing is unclear. (PL-32662)

  A code enhancement to display an appropriate error message fixed this issue.

- The creation of SSH or WinRM secrets in a project or organization after disabling Harness' built-in secret manager is not supported.  (PL-32562)
  
  A code enhancement has fixed this issue.

- The comparison of email addresses during sign in is case-sensitive. (PL-32198)

  A code enhancement has fixed this issue.

- The error message displayed when permissions are missing during pipeline execution does not mention the corresponding resource Id. (PL-31350)

  A code enhancement to display the resource Id in the error message fixed this issue.

### Harness Manager delegate fixed issues

The fixed issue below is available with version 794xx and does not require a new delegate version. For Harness Delegate version-specific features, go to [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

> - Delegate instances that do not shutdown gracefully and do not come back online are removed from the UI after three hours. (PL-38755)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delegate instances that do not shut down gracefully and do not come back online are removed from the UI after three hours. (PL-38755)
```

  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

### Harness Manager delegate new features

> The features below are available with version 79414 and do not require a new delegate version. For Harness Delegate version-specific features, go to [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

Reviewer 2: The correct version number for NG Platform is 79411. Please update every instance in the release notes and what's new.
